we present tap vid 3D a benchmark for
tracking any point in
3D understanding fine grained Motion in
3D facilitates accurate robot
manipulation enriches controllable video
generation and improves General scene
understanding in order to measure
progress in 3d motion understanding we
build the tap vid 3D Benchmark a
benchmark for tracking any point in 3D
we achieve this by leveraging three
different pre-existing data sets ARA
digital twin dve track and panoptic
Studio ARA digital twins contains real
videos with aligned synthetic
annotations such as depth maps
segmentation maps and 3D bounding boxes
drivet track is derived from the whmo
open data set and contains liar data as
well as 3D bounding boxes panoptic
studio is a multi viw data set on which
Dynamic 3D gaussian splatting
reconstructions have been obtained by
looten Al we leverage the 3D data from
each of these three data sets to obtain
ground truth 3D point trajectories and
build tap vid 3D a large and diverse
Benchmark for 3D Point
tracking our Benchmark contains more
than 4.5 th000 videos each up to 300
frames containing up to 1024 track
points for more information and for
downloading our data generation code as
well as our evaluation code please visit
our website